but under the Andalusian sun the
flamenco also sits in France between
leisure and passion this tradition
Spanish is coming to Paris
with my husband we try to do
understand that flamenco is not
that they have choreographies of the steps
and was facing the mirror and seeing
when we are prettier than the girlfriend at
side but it's mostly in
ears 15 years passing
a masseur of flames and knows no
necessarily only dancers he must
First be a musician because you walk
has a percussion that can be
perfectly comfortable with the guitar and
singing
m
slumped we have no choice he must
to bring
and I think they really have the
people need sun
it feels like you're in a bar
tapas and his daughters
especially not
years
and also Sevillian are the friends that
seems mind-blowing I'm asked where from
fell for
Monday night's announcement
swing but that's like walking
underwater a job without the flames
so to walk under the jets we are
parent makes a stir and it gives us
this feeling of lightness in
going through the flames because
some passionate
it was flying normally bottom of our
heart